How is the preparation in Fuso Kingdom?
The Fuso Mission will not arrive soon.
Well, you and my family have been preparing for many years just to swallow the Chen family
The Chen family seems to be cooking oil on fire
In fact, the inside is empty
And Chen Bufan, the disabled manager
Which adult family has no complaints
It only takes one tap to completely collapse
And General, you could have done your wish. With the Chen family as a springboard, you have made a great contribution.
But it was occupied by a village dove named Lin Han
I feel so bad for you.
You said it too
He's just a villager
How can it be difficult for me
This credit
I have a clear order to decide
Then I will be as famous as the empress
Gonggai Qianqiu
unparalleled
It better be a change of weather.
You go back first
I have something else to do
Come on out.
I would like to be General Xia's dog
A loyal dog
I really saw you right
It's just that I don't like people who are well-mannered
General Xia, you are the dragon and phoenix among people
Naturally, you can see through my city
But I'm not just a loyal dog
And a valuable dog
What value?
I am Ye Linhan's savior
Kind of interesting.
I give you a task
General Xia's mission is to go through fire and water
I Want You
sleep